# OperatingPlatforms
 

Week 8 Portfolio

	 The Gaming Room is a company that is in the business of online gaming. They already have a fully functioning Android version of their game Draw It or Lose It, but they want to transition to a multiplatform, multi-user game in order to reach a much larger audience. In order to do that, they need to develop a web-based application that can be accessed and played by users on ANY device. 
  When developing the document for this client, I believe I did particularly well in finding multiple solutions that would meet their needs. Although this was my first experience dealing with system architectures, I was able to find some great resources to assist with the project. Not only was I able to help the client, but my personal knowledge of the subject grew exponentially. Since computer science and IT are constantly evolving, I feel that the ability to find, dissect, and incorporate valuable information into a project is extremely important. 
	 Working through the design document allows you to visualize the document and break into smaller pieces. Using the UML class diagram greatly helps to clarify the relationship between functions and the attributes, or characteristics, that they each contain. Since I am more of a visual learner, the design document helps to organize and simplify the entire development process. Being that this was my first experience dealing with server operating systems, distributed systems, serverless architectures, web-based applications, and cloud-based systems, I feel that my final document was pretty solid. If I had to revise anything, it would be my original suggestions to the company. That would only be because it was prior to me obtaining knowledge of the solution. 
  In order to meet the clients needs, we developed the game Draw It or Lose It into a web-based game that will be located in the cloud. We also implemented a serverless architecture in order to access resources on demand and utilize memory and storage more efficiently. By using this architecture, the user will have a much smoother and uninterrupted experience. It is extremely important to keep the customer in mind, as they are paying for your services and using your software. It is also important that your reputation as a developer is in good standing and people can rely on secure, cutting edge software when purchasing your applications. 
  When approaching developing software, I feel obtaining as much knowledge as possible about current technologies and design patterns is essential. It’s important to be up to date with solutions and to have the knowledge to create new solutions. It was extremely valuable to learn about traditional architecture and cloud based systems. In the future I would utilize the cloud in a similar situation as what was needed by The Gaming Room. For personal projects, I would much prefer a closed and secure environment. That way my personal data, app code, intellectual properties, etc…, won’t be randomly available to the cloud provider, or any potential attackers.
